Rainbow's End
=============

Rainbow's End is a [Play by E-Mail][pbem] (PBEM) game that was created in 2001
by Russell Wallace. Because Russell, who created very successful games like
Galaxy and Atlantis in the early nineties, liberally provided the C source of
Rainbow's End, I ported the game to the then-new Ruby 1.6 in 2001 to learn the
language. The pickaxe book was just published.

[pbem]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PBEM

I haven't looked at the source for years, but I'll share it in (the unlikely)
case somebody is interested. The `index.html` has more information of how to
setup and run a game - these information are unfortunately written in German.
The `rules.html` file contains the rules, written in English by Russell.

The game isn't without flaws. I remember to play it only once. Tanks are superior to artillery and infantry. I'd suggest to change the rules so that only infantry can conquer cities. Still, it was fun.

Nowadays, it's probably just a blast from the past :)


Todo
----

Code should probably be moved into a `lib` and `script` folder. Setup and game
data should then go into another folder per game and should not be part of the
check-in. Using a web front end to send in orders and receive reports might be
a more modern approach and interesting ad-on. Reports could also use HTML.
Then, the game should be better balanced.


License
-------

Copyright (c) 2001,2009 Stefan Matthias Aust

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.